3|Abstract art, non-figurative art, non-objective art, and non-representational art are all closely related terms.
9|The biological definition of adult is an organism that has reached sexual maturity and is thus capable of reproduction.
12|Generally, these traditions are oral rather than scriptural and are passed down from one generation to another through narratives, songs, myths, and festivals.
18|Around 820, he worked at the House of Wisdom in Baghdad, the contemporary capital city of the Abbasid Caliphate.
21|Alcoholic beverages are typically divided into three classes: beers, wines, and spirits; with alcohol content typically between 3% and 50%.
33|The span of recorded history is roughly 5,000 years, beginning with the development of Sumerian cuneiform script.
36|The range is 8,900 kilometres (5,500 mi) long and 200 to 700 kilometres (120 to 430 mi) wide (widest between 18°S and 20°S latitude) and has an average height of about 4,000 metres (13,000 ft).
39|Situated almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle and surrounded by the Southern Ocean (also known as the Antarctic Ocean), it contains the geographic South Pole.
45|Although few details of his life are known, based on his surviving work, he is considered one of the leading scientists in classical antiquity, and one of the greatest mathematicians of all time.
57|Less broadly, atheism is a rejection of the belief that any deities exist.
60|The reign of Augustus initiated an imperial cult and an era of imperial peace (the Pax Romana or Pax Augusta) when the Roman world was largely free of armed conflict.
63|Features of autism are present from early childhood and the condition typically persists throughout life.
69|The seeds are sold fresh or preserved through drying (a pulse).
72|A subjective attitude is a mental state of having some stance, take, or opinion about something.
75|The texts include instructions, stories, poetry, letters, prophecies, and other genres.
81|Broadcasting began with AM radio, which became popular around 1920 with the spread of vacuum tube radio transmitters and receivers.
93|Bordered by North America to the north and also the west through Central America, and South America to the south, it comprises numerous islands, cays, islets, reefs, and banks.
96|Before her accession, Catherine had been a royal consort as the wife of Emperor Peter III, whom she overthrew in a coup d'état.
99|Cereals are the world's largest crops, and are therefore staple foods.
111|The term "city" has different meanings around the world and in some places the settlement can be very small.
117|Dark-colored and bitter, coffee has a stimulating effect on humans due to its caffeine content; however decaffeinated coffee is also commercially available.
123|Signs and symptoms may appear in as little as two days after exposure to the virus.
126|Communities may share a sense of place situated in a given geographical area (e.g. a country, village, town, or neighborhood) or in virtual space through communication platforms.
138|The First Crusade was proclaimed by Pope Urban II at the Council of Clermont in November 1095—a call to arms for Christians to reconquer Jerusalem from the Muslims, with promises of spiritual reward.
141|Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography, by its repertoire of movements or by its historical period or place of origin.
150|The lack of vegetation exposes the unprotected surface of the ground to denudation.
153|Politics in a dictatorship are controlled by a dictator, and they are facilitated through an inner circle of elites that includes advisers, generals, and other high-ranking officials.
156|The group may be identified by a feature such as race, gender, height, age, class, religion, disability or sexual orientation.
159|Traditionally, the instruments used to create a drawing include pencils, crayons, Conté crayons, and ink pens, sometimes in combination.
189|Fictional portrayals are thus inconsistent with fact, history, or plausibility.
192|Fish are often caught as wildlife from the natural environment (freshwater or marine), but may also be caught from stocked bodies of water such as ponds, canals, park wetlands and reservoirs.
201|Many of the revolution's ideas are considered fundamental principles of liberal democracy, and its values remain central to modern French political discourse.
204|Furniture is also used to hold objects at a convenient height for work (as horizontal surfaces above the ground, such as tables and desks), or to store things (e.g., cupboards, shelves, and drawers).
207|Games may be played informally or in professional competitive settings before audiences.
210|Although gender often corresponds to sex, a transgender person may identify with a gender other than their sex assigned at birth.
213|Geography is an all-encompassing discipline that seeks an understanding of Earth and its human and natural complexities—not merely where objects are, but also how they have changed and come to be.
222|Grammar rules may concern the use of clauses, phrases, and words.
252|Technology includes methods ranging from simple stone tools to the complex genetic engineering and information technology that has emerged since the 1980s.
261|The movement often occurs over long distances and from one country to another (external migration), but internal migration (within a single country) is the dominant form of human migration globally.
270|Born in Königsberg in the Kingdom of Prussia, he is considered one of the central thinkers of the Enlightenment.
276|Comprising between 13,000 and 17,000 islands, including Sumatra, Java, Sulawesi, and parts of Borneo and New Guinea, it is the world's largest archipelagic state and the 14th-largest country by area.
282|At the most fundamental level, it pertains to the interpretation (perhaps formally) of that which may be sensed, or their abstractions.
294|There are continental islands, which were formed by being split from a continent by plate tectonics, and oceanic islands, which have never been part of a continent.
300|Maxwell's equations for electromagnetism achieved the second great unification in physics, where the first one had been realised by Isaac Newton.
309|Though movable type was already in use in East Asia, Gutenberg's invention of the printing press enabled a much faster rate of printing.
312|The word, a noun, applies to the occupation (professional or not), the methods of gathering information, and the organizing literary styles.
318|Descriptive knowledge, also called propositional knowledge, is often characterized as true belief that is distinct from opinion or guesswork by virtue of justification.
327|The ability to learn is possessed by humans, other animals, and some machines.
333|The concept of liberty can vary depending on perspective and context.
339|Chinese characters as used in Chinese as well as other languages are logograms, as are Egyptian hieroglyphs and characters in cuneiform script.
348|The leafy stalk of the plant gives rise to male inflorescences or tassels which produce pollen, and female inflorescences called ears.
363|Until the late twentieth century, Wollstonecraft's life, which encompassed several unconventional (at the time) personal relationships, received more attention than her writing.
366|Humans have hunted and farmed other animals for meat since prehistory.
372|A mental disorder is also characterized by a clinically significant disturbance in an individual's cognition, emotional regulation, or behavior, often in a social context.
381|Microeconomics focuses on the study of individual markets, sectors, or industries as opposed to the economy as a whole, which is studied in macroeconomics.
393|While most monarchs gain their position based on various hereditary succession laws, they can occasionally gain their authority via election.
402|According to Islam, he was the final prophet of God who was divinely inspired to preach and confirm the monotheistic teachings of Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and other prophets in Islam.
405|Many museums have exhibitions of these objects on public display, and some have non-exhibited collections that are used by researchers and specialists.
417|NRMs can be novel in origin, or they can be part of a wider religion, in which case they are distinct from pre-existing denominations.
423|Non-fiction typically aims to present topics objectively based on historical, scientific, and empirical information.
435|The medium is commonly applied to the base with a brush.
438|Located on the Seine in the centre of the Île-de-France region, it is the largest metropolitan area and fourth-most populous city in the European Union (EU).
444|Located in the western Pacific Ocean, it consists of about 7,641 islands, with a total area of about 300,000 square kilometers.
450|Play is commonly associated with children and juvenile-level activities, but may be engaged in at any life stage, and among other higher-functioning animals as well, most notably mammals and birds.
459|The indigenous people who inhabit the islands of Polynesia are called Polynesians.
462|With approximately 267 million native speakers, it is the fifth-most spoken native language in the world, and the most widely spoken language in the Southern Hemisphere.
465|The place where a potter makes such wares is also called a pottery (plural potteries).
480|Ramesses II is often regarded as the greatest, most celebrated, and most powerful pharaoh of the New Kingdom, which itself was the most powerful period of ancient Egypt.
489|A retailer purchases goods in large quantities from manufacturers, directly from or through a wholesaler, and then sells in smaller quantities to consumers for a profit.
492|Traditionally associated with gestures, words, or revered objects, rituals also occur in non-human species, such as elephant mourning or corvid object-leaving.
495|The Rocky Mountains stretch 3,000 mi (4,800 km) in a straight-line distance from the northernmost part of Western Canada, to New Mexico in the Southwestern United States.
501|An individual experiencing sadness may become quiet or lethargic, and withdraw themselves from others.
507|Most countries have systems of formal education, which is sometimes compulsory.
510|Sculpture is the three-dimensional artwork which is physically presented in the dimensions of height, width and depth.
513|Examples include work done by barbers, doctors, lawyers, accountants, mechanics, banks, finance, insurance companies, and so on.
519|Shen was a master in many fields of study including mathematics, optics, and horology.
525|Spanning over 6,400 km (4,000 mi) on land, it played a central role in facilitating economic, cultural, political, and religious interactions between the Eastern and Western worlds.
537|An enigmatic figure, Socrates authored no texts and is known mainly through the posthumous accounts of classical writers, particularly his students Plato and Xenophon.
549|Spices are distinguished from herbs, which are the leaves, flowers, or stems of plants used for flavouring or as a garnish.
552|The most common types of athletics competitions are track and field, road running, cross-country running, and race walking.
555|There are two main types of stroke: ischemic, due to lack of blood flow, and hemorrhagic, due to bleeding.
561|Estimates of the number of Swahili speakers, including both native and second-language speakers, generally range from 40 million to 200 million.
567|Tea has a stimulant effect in humans primarily due to its caffeine content.
570|The arts encompass diverse and plural modes of thought, deeds, and existence in an extensive range of media.
573|The performers may communicate this experience to the audience through combinations of gesture, speech, song, music, and dance.
576|The school's adherents, termed Theravādins (anglicized from Pali theravādī, 𑀣𑁂𑀭𑀯𑀸𑀤𑀻), have preserved their version of the Buddha's teaching or Dhamma in the Pāli Canon for over two millennia.
594|Composed in Vedic Sanskrit, the texts constitute the oldest layer of Sanskrit literature and the oldest scriptures of Hinduism.
597|With an area of about 331,000 square kilometres and a population of over 102 million, it is the world's 16th-most populous country.
603|Many artistic disciplines such as performing arts, conceptual art, and textile arts, also involve aspects of the visual arts, as well as arts of other types.
615|Nearly all of the world's countries participated, with many engaging in total war on an unprecedented scale.
